feat: add environment hooks about compiler (#3108)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/shared/onBeforeEnvironmentCompile.mdx

> `onBeforeEnvironmentCompile` is a callback function that is triggered before compile is executed of a single environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onBeforeEnvironmentCompile` is a callback function that is triggered before the compilation of a single environment.
```

You can access the Rspack configuration array through the `bundlerConfigs` parameter. The array may contain one or more [Rspack configurations](https://rspack.dev/config/). It depends on whether multiple [environments](/config/environments) are configured.

Moreover, you can use `isWatch` to determine whether it is dev or build watch mode, and use `isFirstCompile` to determine whether it is the first build.

- **Type:**

```ts
function OnBeforeEnvironmentCompile(
  callback: (params: {
    isWatch: boolean;
    isFirstCompile: boolean;

>     bundlerConfig?: RspackConfig | WebpackConfig;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bundlerConfig?: RspackConfig;
```
